README.md, before:

# Editions.dev 2024 workshop on Product APIs - demo application

This is mean to give realistic example of how to take advantage of Shopify's latest APIs to support 2000 variants.

## Quick start

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, you'll need the following:

1. **Node.js**: [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) it if you haven't already.
2. **Shopify Partner Account**: [Create an account](https://partners.shopify.com/signup) if you don't have one.
3. **Test Store**: Set up either a [development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) or a [Shopify Plus sandbox store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/managing-stores/plus-sandbox-store) for testing your app.

### Setup

If you used the CLI to create the template, you can skip this section.

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn install
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm install
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm install
```

### Local Development

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn dev
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm run dev
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

Press P to open the URL to your app. Once you click install, you can start development.

Local development is powered by [the Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/tools/cli). It logs into your partners account, connects to an app, provides environment variables, updates remote config, creates a tunnel and provides commands to generate extensions.

Commit message:

Add workshop instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Editions.dev 2024 workshop on Product APIs - demo application

This is mean to give realistic example of how to take advantage of Shopify's latest APIs to support 2000 variants.

During the workshop, we'll walk through how to convert the REST API calls in this project to GraphQL. Afterwards, we'll publish a branch with the GraphQL changes, for reference.

## Quick start

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, you'll need the following:

1. **Node.js**: [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) it if you haven't already.
2. **Shopify Partner Account**: [Create an account](https://partners.shopify.com/signup) if you don't have one.
3. **Test Store**: Set up either a [development store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/development-stores#create-a-development-store) or a [Shopify Plus sandbox store](https://help.shopify.com/en/partners/dashboard/managing-stores/plus-sandbox-store) for testing your app.

### Setup

If you used the CLI to create the template, you can skip this section.

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn install
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm install
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm install
```

### Local Development

Using yarn:

```shell
yarn dev
```

Using npm:

```shell
npm run dev
```

Using pnpm:

```shell
pnpm run dev
```

Press P to open the URL to your app. Once you click install, you can start development.

Local development is powered by [the Shopify CLI](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/tools/cli). It logs into your partners account, connects to an app, provides environment variables, updates remote config, creates a tunnel and provides commands to generate extensions.
